.TH opx-show-lag "1" "2018-11-20" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
opx-show-lag \- Display LAG configuration and status
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY opx-show-lag
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.OP \-\-id ID
.OP \-\-name NAME
.OP \-\-ifindex IFINDEX
.OP \-\-summary
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command prints the current configuration and status of LAG(s).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.TP
--id ID
Print the configuration and status information of the LAG having the given ID.
.TP
--name NAME
Print the configuration and status information of the LAG having the given name.
.TP
--ifindex IFINDEX
Print the configuration and status information of the LAG having the given ifindex.
.TP
--summary
Print a summary table, with each LAG on a single line.
.SH OUTPUT
.TP
LAG ID
Displays the ID assigned to the LAG.
.TP
Name
Displays the name assigned to the LAG.
.TP
Interface Index
Displays the ifindex assigned to the LAG.
.TP
Physical Address
Displays the Ethernet MAC address assigned to the LAG.
.TP
Number of Ports
Displays the total number of member ports that the LAG contains.
.TP
Member Ports
Displays list of ports part if the LAG.
.TP
Blocked Ports
Displays the list of member ports of the LAG which are blocked (dont carry any traffic).
.TP
Unblocked Ports
Displays the list of member ports of the LAG which are unblocked (carry all traffic).
.TP
Learning Mode
Displays the MAC learning mode configured on the LAG.
.TP
MTU
Displays the current maximum transmission unit (MTU) of the LAG.
.TP
Admin State
Displays if the lag is administratively enabled.
.TP
Oper State
Displays if the lag is operational.
.SH EXIT STATUS
If there is a syntax error in the given arguments, the exit status shall be 2.
.br
If there is any other error, the exit status shall be 1.
.br
Otherwise, the exit status is 0.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
$opx-show-lag --name test2
test2
        LAG ID:           2
        Name:             test2
        Interface Index:  53
        Physical Address: ec:f4:bb:fb:f7:55
        Number of ports:  2
        Member Ports:     e101-004-0 e101-001-0
        Blocked Ports:    e101-001-0
        Un-blocked Ports: e101-004-0
        Learning Mode:    disable
        MTU:              1532
        Admin State:      down
        Oper State:       up
        LAG Opaque Data:  01000000000000002c000000000000000100000000000000040000000000000000000000020000000000000008000000000000000200000000000200

$opx-show-lag --summary
IFINDEX | NAME  | MEMBER PORTS            | ADMIN STATE | OPER STATE
--------------------------------------------------------------------
45      | bond0 | None                    | down        | down
51      | test  | e101-002-0              | down        | up
53      | test2 | e101-004-0 e101-001-0   | down        | up
.ec
.fi
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
opx-config-lag(1)
