.TH opx-show-transceiver "1" "2018-11-20" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
opx-show-transceiver \- Display optical transceiver modules
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY opx-show-transceiver
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.OP \-\-port port-list
.OP \-\-summary
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command prints information regarding the front-panel optical transceiver modules.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.TP
.RI --port \ port-list
Specify front panel port to print.  A
.I port-list
is a comma-separated list of 1 one more ranges.  Each range is either a single port, or a pair of ports of the form \fIfrom\fR..\fIto\fR, which specifies all ports from \fIfrom\fR to \fIto\fR inclusive.
Examples are:
.sp 1
1 \- Expands to 1
.sp 1
1,10 \- Expands to 1,10
.sp 1
1,4..6 \- Expands to 1,4,5,6
.sp 1
If the port list is not specified, all front-panel optical transceiver ports are shown.
.TP
--summary
Print a summary table, with each port on a single line.
.SH OUTPUT
.TP
present
Displays whether an adapter is installed in the port.
.TP
type
Displays the adapater type.  Shown only if an adapter is present.
.TP
vendor
Displays the maker of the adapter.  Shown only if an adapter is present.
.TP
vendor part number
Displays the maker's part number of the adapter.  Shown only if an adapter is present.
.TP
vendor revision
Displays the maker's revision of the adapter.  Shown only if an adapter is present.
.TP
serial number
Displays the maker's serial number for the adapater.  Shown only if an adapter is present.
.TP
qualified
Displays whether the adpater is qualified.  Shown only if an adapter is present.
.TP
temperature
Displays the temperature of the adapater's lasers, in degress Celsius.  Shown only if an adapter is present.
.TP
temperature state
Displays the alarm state of the adapater temperature, one of: low alarm, low warning, nominal, high warning, high alarm.  Shown only if an adapter is present.
.TP
voltage
Displays the voltage of the supply to the adapter, in Volts.  Shown only if an adapter is present.
.TP
voltage state
Displays the alarm state of the supply voltage, one of: low alarm, low warning, nominal, high warning, high alarm.  Shown only if an adapter is present.
.TP
high power mode
Displays whether the adapter is operating in high power mode.  Shown only if an adapter is present.
.SH EXIT STATUS
If an invalid port list is specified, the exit status shall be 1.
.br
If there is a syntax error in the given arguments, the exit status shall be 2.
.br
Otherwise, the exit status is 0.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
$ opx-show-transceiver --port 1
Port 1
        present:            yes
        type:               QSFP+ 40GBASE CR4 1.0M
        vendor:             W2W
        vendor part number: 75-Q010-1M
        vendor revision:    4200
        serial number:      161013200003
        qualified:          yes
        temperature:        0.0 deg. C
        temperature state:  nominal
        voltage:            0.0 V
        voltage state:      nominal
        high power mode:    yes

$ opx-show-transceiver --summary
Port | Present | Type                   | Vendor P/N | Serial #        | Qualified
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1    | yes     | QSFP+ 40GBASE CR4 1.0M | 75-Q010-1M | 161013200003    | yes
2    | yes     | QSFP+ 40GBASE CR4 2.0M | 616750002  | CN04TC093741LGB | yes
3    | no      |                        |            |                 |
4    | no      |                        |            |                 |
5    | no      |                        |            |                 |
6    | no      |                        |            |                 |
7    | no      |                        |            |                 |
8    | no      |                        |            |                 |
9    | no      |                        |            |                 |
10   | no      |                        |            |                 |
11   | no      |                        |            |                 |
12   | no      |                        |            |                 |
13   | no      |                        |            |                 |
14   | no      |                        |            |                 |
15   | no      |                        |            |                 |
16   | no      |                        |            |                 |
17   | no      |                        |            |                 |
18   | no      |                        |            |                 |
19   | no      |                        |            |                 |
20   | no      |                        |            |                 |
21   | no      |                        |            |                 |
22   | no      |                        |            |                 |
23   | no      |                        |            |                 |
24   | no      |                        |            |                 |
25   | no      |                        |            |                 |
26   | no      |                        |            |                 |
27   | no      |                        |            |                 |
28   | no      |                        |            |                 |
29   | no      |                        |            |                 |
30   | no      |                        |            |                 |
31   | no      |                        |            |                 |
32   | no      |                        |            |                 |
.ec
.fi
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
