.TH opx-config-mirror "1" "2018-12-10" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
opx-config-mirror \- Configure Mirroring feature
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY opx-configure-mirror
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.OP \-\-src_intf SRC_INTF
.OP \-\-dest_intf DEST_INTF
.OP \-\-direction "\fR( \fBingress\fR | \fBegress\fR  \fBingress_egress\fR )"
.OP \-\-id ID
.OP \-\-vlan VLAN
.OP \-\-type "\fR( \fBspan\fR | \fBrspan\fR )"
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command creates and configures various attributes of a mirroring session.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.TP
\-\-src_intf 
Specify the port name (i.e. front panel Ethernet interface) as the source interface for this mirroring session.
.TP
\-\-dest_intf 
Specify the port name (i.e. front panel Ethernet interface) as the destination interface for this mirroring session.
.TP
\-\-direction ( ingress | egress | ingress_egress )
Configure the direction for the mirroring session.
.TP
\-\-id
Specify the session id for updating a mirroring session.
.TP
\-\-vlan
Specify the VLAN for RSPAN session. This VLAN has special properties and can't be assigned to any access ports.
It works by mirroring the trafic from the source ports of an RSPAN session onto a VLAN that is dedicated 
for the RSPAN session. This VLAN is then trunked to other switches, allowing the RSPAN session traffic 
to be transported across multiple switches
.TP
\-\-type ( span | rspan )
Configure the Mirroring session type.
.SH EXIT STATUS
The exit status is 0 with error log printed.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
$ opx-config-mirror create --src_intf e101-012-0 --dest_intf e101-013-0 --direction ingress --type span
$ opx-config-mirror set --id 4  --dest_intf e101-014-0 --direction ingress_egress --src_intf e101-012-0
$ opx-config-mirror create --src_intf e101-009-0 --dest_intf e101-010-0 --direction ingress --vlan 700 --type rspan
.ec
.fi
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
opx-show-mirror(1)
