.TH opx-config-vlan "1" "2018-12-10" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
opx-config-vlan \- Configure VLAN
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY opx-config-vlan
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.OP \-\-id ID
.OP \-\-type "\fR(\fBdata\fR | \fBmgmt\fR)"
.OP \-\-ports port-list
.OP \-\-taggedports port-list
.OP \-\-desc description
.B <commands>
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command creates and deletes a VLAN. It also sets various attributes of a VLAN.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.TP
\-\-id \ ID
A numeric and unique ID of the VLAN.
.TP
\-\-type \ (data | mgmt)
Type of the VLAN.It could be a data or a management VLAN.
.IP
data  VLAN that carries data traffic.
.IP
mgmt  VLAN that carries switch management traffic.
.IP
.TP
.RI --ports \ port-list
Specify a list of front panel Ethernet ports to configure as untagged ports.
An untagged port accepts traffic for the associated VLAN only. It is also referred as an access port.
.I port-list
is a comma-separated list of single or a range of interfaces.  
Each range is either a single interface, or a pair of interfaces of the form \fIfrom\fR..\fIto\fR, which specifies all interfaces from \fIfrom\fR to \fIto\fR inclusive.
Examples are:
.sp 1
e101-001-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0
.sp 1
e101-001-0,e101-010-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0,e101-010-0
.sp 1
e101-001-0,e101-004-0..e101-006-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0,e101-004-0,e101-005-0,e101-006-0
.sp 1
If the port list is not specified, all Ethernet front-panel ports are configured.
.TP
.RI --taggedports \ port-list
Specify a list of front panel Ethernet ports to configure as tagged ports.
A tagged port accepts traffic for all VLANs. It is also referred as a trunk port.
.I port-list
is a comma-separated list of single or a range of interfaces. 
Each range is either a single interface, or a pair of interfaces of the form \fIfrom\fR..\fIto\fR, which specifies all interfaces from \fIfrom\fR to \fIto\fR inclusive.
Examples are:
.sp 1
e101-001-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0
.sp 1
e101-001-0,e101-010-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0,e101-010-0
.sp 1
e101-001-0,e101-004-0..e101-006-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0,e101-004-0,e101-005-0,e101-006-0
.sp 1
If the port list is not specified, all Ethernet front-panel ports are configured.
.TP
\-\-desc \ DESCRIPTION
A verbose string to describe the VLAN configured. Eg. "management VLAN for switch101".
.SH COMMANDS
One of the below mandatory commands needs to be provided.
.TP 
.B create
Create a new VLAN
.TP 
.B delete
Delete an existing VLAN
.TP 
.B set
Set the ports (blocked and unblocked) of a VLAN, to the given value(s)
.TP 
.B add
Add some blocked or unblocked port(s) to the port-list of a VLAN
.TP 
.B remove
Remove some blocked or unblocked port(s) from the port-list of a VLAN

.SH EXIT STATUS
If there is a syntax error in the given arguments, the exit status shall be 2.
.br
If there is any other error, the exit status shall be 1.
.br
Otherwise, the exit status is 0.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
$ opx-config-vlan create --id 101 --ports e101-002-0 --taggedports e101-003-0..e101-005-0 
$ opx-config-vlan set --id 101 --ports e101-003-0,e101-005-0
$ opx-config-vlan delete --id 101 
.ec
.fi
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
opx-show-vlan(1)
