.TH opx-show-mac "1" "2018-12-12" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
opx-show-mac \- Display FDB configuration (single entry)
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY opx-show-mac
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.OP \-\-mac MAC
.OP \-\-vlan VLAN
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command prints the current configuration of single FBD entry if MAC and VLAN are passed
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.TP
\-\-mac
Specify the MAC address in : format (e.g. 00:11:22:33:44:55).
.TP
\-\-vlan
Specify the VLAN id.
.SH OUTPUT
.TP
MAC Addr
Displays the MAC address.
.TP
VLAN 
Displays the VLAN id.
.TP
IF-Index 
Displays the kernel ifindex of the port.
.TP
Port
Displays the front panel Ethernet interface
.TP
Actions
Displays the actions (forward/drop/trap/log) for this FDB entry.
.TP
Static
Displays whether the entry is static (True/False).
.SH EXIT STATUS
 0      if OK,
 1      if minor problems (e.g., syntax error, wrong perameters passed),
 2      if serious trouble (e.g., the CPS commit fails).
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
$opx-show-mac --mac 00:00:12:34:56:87 --vlan 200
MAC Addr          | VLAN | IF-Index | Port       | Actions | Static
-------------------------------------------------------------------
00:00:12:34:56:87 | 200  | 26       | e101-014-0 | Forward | True
.ec
.fi
.SH LIMITATION
 Only single entry can be displayed when both MAC and VLAN are provided.
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
opx-config-mac(1)
