.TH opx-show-vlan "1" "2018-11-20" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
opx-show-vlan \- Display VLAN configuration
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY opx-show-vlan
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.OP \-\-id ID
.OP \-\-name NAME
.OP \-\-ifindex IFINDEX
.OP \-\-type TYPE
.OP \-\-summary
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command prints the current configuration of a VLAN.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.TP
--id ID
Print the configuration information of the VLAN having the given ID.
.TP
--name NAME
Print the configuration information of the VLAN having the given name.
.TP
--ifindex IFINDEX
Print the configuration information of the VLAN having the given ifindex.
.TP
--type TYPE
Print the configuration information of the VLAN(s) having the given type (data or management).
.TP
--summary
Print a summary table, with each VLAN on a single line.
.SH OUTPUT
.TP
VLAN ID
Displays the ID assigned to the VLAN.
.TP
Name
Displays the name assigned to the VLAN.
.TP
Interface Index
Displays the ifindex assigned to the VLAN.
.TP
Physical Address
Displays the Ethernet MAC address assigned to the VLAN.
.TP
Tagged Ports
Displays the list of tagged member ports of the VLAN. 
A tagged port accepts traffic for all the VLANs. It is also referred as a trunk port.
.TP
Untagged Ports
Displays the list of untagged member ports of the VLAN.
An untagged port accepts traffic for the associated VLAN only. It is also referred as an access port.
.TP
Learning Mode
Displays the MAC learning mode configured on the VLAN.
.TP
MTU
Displays the current maximum transmission unit (MTU) of the vlan.
.TP
Type
Displays the type(data or management) of the VLAN.
.SH EXIT STATUS
If there is a syntax error in the given arguments, the exit status shall be 2.
.br
If there is any other error, the exit status shall be 1.
.br
Otherwise, the exit status is 0.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
$ ./opx-show-vlan --name br105
br105
        VLAN ID:          105
        Name:             br105
        Interface index:  60
        Physical address: None
        Tagged ports:     e101-009-0
        Untagged ports:   None
        Type:             data
        Learning mode:    UNKNOWN
        MTU:              None

$ ./opx-show-vlan --summary
ID  | Name  | Type | Tagged ports | Untagged ports
--------------------------------------------------
101 | br101 | data | None         | None
105 | br105 | data | e101-009-0   | None

.ec
.fi
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
opx-config-vlan(1)
