.TH opx-config-mac "1" "2018-12-12" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
opx-config-mac \- Configure FDB entries
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY opx-configure-mac
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.OP \-\-mac MAC
.OP \-\-port PORT
.OP \-\-vlan VLAN
.OP \-\-static
.OP \-\-kernel_conf
.OP \-\-kernel_conf_only
.OP \-\-delete-type "\fR( \fBsingle\fR | \fBall\fR  \fBfilter\fR )"
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command creates and deletes FDB entries.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.TP
\-\-mac 
Specify the MAC address in : format (e.g. 00:11:22:33:44:55).
.TP
\-\-port 
Specify front panel Ethernet interface.
.TP
\-\-vlan 
Specify the VLAN id.
.TP
\-\-static 
Specify in case of static entry.
.TP
\-\-kernel_conf 
Specify if the entry should be availble in kernel (with NPU).
.TP
\-\-kernel_conf_only 
Specify if the entry should be availble in kernel only (not in NPU).
.TP
\-\-delete-type ( single | all | filter )
 single - Specify MAC address and VLAN id
 all    - Delete all dynamic FDB entries
 filter - Delete dynamic entries based on attributes passed (port, port-vlan, vlan)
.SH EXIT STATUS
 0      if OK,
 1      if minor problems (e.g., syntax error, wrong perameters passed),
 2      if serious trouble (e.g., the CPS commit fails).
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
$ opx-config-mac create --mac 00:00:12:34:56:90 --vlan 800 --port e101-021-0 --static
$ opx-config-mac delete --mac 00:00:12:34:56:90 --vlan 800 --delete-type single
.ec
.fi
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
opx-show-mac(1)
