.TH opx-show-global-switch "1" "2018-11-20" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
opx-show-global-switch \- Display 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY opx-show-global-switch
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command prints the current configuration and status of switch element.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.SH OUTPUT
.TP
ACL entry max priority
The maximum priority of an ACL table entry.
.TP
ACL entry min priority
The minimum priority of an ACL table entry.
.TP
ACL table max priority
The maximum priority of an ACL table.
.TP
ACL table min priority
The minimum priority of an ACL table.
.TP
Admin status
.TP
Bridge table size
.TP
BST enable
.TP
BST tracking mode
.TP
Counter refresh interval
.TP
Current profile
The switch profile currently in use.
.TP
Deep buffer mode enable
.TP
Default MAC address
.TP
Default profile
.TP
Default VLAN id
The VLAN to which untagged incoming Ethernet frames are assigned.
.TP
Disable default VLAN
.TP
ECMP group size
.TP
ECMP hash algorithm
.TP
ECMP hash fields
The list of frame/packet fields which are 
.TP
ECMP hash seed value
.TP
ECN ECT threshold enable
.TP
Egress buffer pool num
.TP
Egress flow table size
.TP
Ingress buffer pool num
.TP
Ingress flow table size
.TP
IPv4 host size
.TP
IPv4 route table size
.TP
IPv6 extended prefix routes
.TP
IPv6 extended prefix routes LPM block size
.TP
IPv6 host size
.TP
IPv6 route table size
.TP
L3 nexthop table size
.TP
LAG hash algorithm
.TP
LAG hash fields
.TP
LAG hash seed value
.TP
MAC address aging timer
.TP
Max ECMP entry per group
.TP
Max IPv6 extended prefix routes
.TP
Max MTU
.TP
Max supported lags
.TP
Max VXLAN overlay nexthops
.TP
Max VXLAN overlay RIFs
.TP
Next profile
The switch profile that will be used after the next boot.
.TP
NPU identifiers
.TP
Number of multicast queues per port
.TP
Number of queues CPU port
.TP
Number of queues per port
.TP
Number of unicast queues per port
.TP
Operational status
.TP
PFC dl cfg params
.TP
PFC dld interval range max
.TP
PFC dld interval range min
.TP
PFC dlr action
.TP
PFC dlr interval range max
.TP
PFC dlr interval range min
.TP
QoS rate adjust
.TP
RIF table size
.TP
Supported profiles
A list of profiles currently supported.
.TP
Switch mode
.TP
Temperature
Temperature reading, in degrees Celsius, of the NPU junction sensor.
.TP
Total buffer size
.TP
UFT mode
The current UFT (unified forwarding table) mode.
.TP
UFT host table size
.TP
UFT L2 mac table size
.TP
UFT L3 route table size
.TP
VXLAN riot enable
.P
Note that not all fields are shown on all platforms.
.SH EXIT STATUS
If there is a syntax error in the given arguments, the exit status shall be 2.
.br
Otherwise, the exit status is 0.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
$ opx-show-global-switch
Switch id 0
	ACL entry max priority:                     2147483647
	ACL entry min priority:                     0
	ACL table max priority:                     11
	ACL table min priority:                     0
	Bridge table size:                          139264
	Counter refresh interval:                   5 s
	Current profile:                            profile-1
	Default MAC address:                        50:9a:4c:d5:ac:f0
	Default profile:                            profile-1
	ECMP hash algorithm:                        crc
	ECMP hash seed value:                       0
	Egress buffer pool num:                     4
	Ingress buffer pool num:                    4
	IPv6 extended prefix routes:                0
	IPv6 extended prefix routes LPM block size: 1024
        LAG hash algorithm:                         crc
	LAG hash seed value:                        0
	MAC address aging timer:                    1800 s
	Max ECMP entry per group:                   0
	Max IPv6 extended prefix routes:            3072
	Max MTU:                                    9216
	Next profile:                               profile-1
	Number of multicast queues per port:        10
	Number of queues CPU port:                  48
	Number of queues per port:                  20
	Number of unicast queues per port:          10
	Supported profiles:                         profile-1 profile-2
	Switch mode:                                store and forward
	Temperature:                                37 deg. C
	Total buffer size:                          43008
	UFT mode:                                   default
	UFT host table size:                        139264
	UFT L2 mac table size:                      139264
	UFT L3 route table size:                    32768
.ec
.fi
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
opx-config-global-switch(1)
