.TH opx-config-log "1" "2018-12-12" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
opx-config-log \- Configure logging and logging levels for different modules
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY opx-configure-log
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.OP enable
.OP disable
.OP \-\-module MODULE
.OP \-\-level LogLevel
.OP \-\-d 
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command enables and disables the logging for different modules
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.TP
enable 
Enable the logging for a module.
.TP
disable
Disable the logging for a module.
.TP
\-\-module MODULE
Enable/Disable logging for a module.
List of modules are {INTERFACE,ROUTE,NBR_MGR,L2MAC,NAS_L2,SYSTEM,NAS_OS,NETLICAST_SNOOP,QOS,NDI,CPS-EVT,DSAPI,CPS,PAS,NAS_COM,BOARD,ACL}.
.TP
\-\-level LogLevel
Enable/Disable logging for a module with the log level.
Log levels are {info,notice,warning,critical,error,debug,emerg,alert}.
All the levels are enabled if the level argument is not specified.
.TP
\-\-d
Shows the logging modules enabled/disabled and the log level information
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
 opx-config-log enable --module INTERFACE --level info
 opx-config-log enable --module ROUTE --level debug
 opx-config-log disable --module INTERFACE --level debug
 opx-config-log disable --module ROUTE --level debug
 opx-config-log enable --module PAS
 opx-config-log disable --module PAS
.ec
.fi
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
opx-config-log(1)
