.TH opx-config-lag "1" "2018-12-10" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
opx-config-lag \- Configure LAG
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY opx-config-lag
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.OP \-\-name NAME
.OP \-\-mac-learn-mode "\fR( \fBdrop\fR | \fBdisable\fR | \fBhw\fR | \fBcpu_log\fR  | \fBcpu_trap\fR)"
.OP \-\-blockedports port-list
.OP \-\-unblockedports port-list
.B [--enable | --disable]
.B <commands>
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command creates and deletes a LAG. It also sets various attributes of a LAG.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.TP
\-\-name NAME
Name of the LAG
.TP
\-\-mac-learn-mode (drop | disable | hw | cpu_trap | cpu_log)
MAC learning mode of the LAG. It takes one of the 5 possible values. By default it is set to 'disable'.
.IP
drop     Drop packets with unkown source MAC address. Do not learn, Do not forward.
.IP
disable  Do not learn new source MAC address. Forward Based on destination MAC.
.IP
hw       Hardware Learning. Learn source MAC address. Forward based on destination.
.IP
cpu_trap Trap packets with unknown source MAC address to CPU. Do not learn. Do not forward.
.IP
cpu_log  Trap packets with unknown source MAC address to CPU. Do not learn. Forward based on destination MAC.
 
.TP
.RI --blockedports \ port-list
Specify a list of front panel Ethernet ports to configure as blocked ports.
A blocked port is a member port of the LAG that would not allow the traffic to flow through it. 
.I port-list
is a comma-separated list of single or a range of interfaces.  Each range is either a single interface, or a pair of interfaces of the form \fIfrom\fR..\fIto\fR, which specifies all interfaces from \fIfrom\fR to \fIto\fR inclusive.
Examples are:
.sp 1
e101-001-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0
.sp 1
e101-001-0,e101-010-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0,e101-010-0
.sp 1
e101-001-0,e101-004-0..e101-006-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0,e101-004-0,e101-005-0,e101-006-0
.sp 1
If the port list is not specified, all Ethernet front-panel ports are configured.
.TP
.RI --unblockedports \ port-list
Specify a list of front panel Ethernet ports to configure as unblocked ports.
An unblocked port is a member port of the LAG that would allow the traffic to flow through it. 
.I port-list
is a comma-separated list of single or a range of interfaces.  Each range is either a single interface, or a pair of interfaces of the form \fIfrom\fR..\fIto\fR, which specifies all interfaces from \fIfrom\fR to \fIto\fR inclusive.
Examples are:
.sp 1
e101-001-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0
.sp 1
e101-001-0,e101-010-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0,e101-010-0
.sp 1
e101-001-0,e101-004-0..e101-006-0 \- Expands to e101-001-0,e101-004-0,e101-005-0,e101-006-0
.sp 1
If the port list is not specified, all Ethernet front-panel ports are configured.
.TP
\-\-enable | \-\-disable
Set the admin status (enable or disable) of the LAG.
.SH COMMANDS
One of the below mandatory commands needs to be provided.
.TP 
.B create
Create a new LAG
.TP 
.B delete
Delete an existing LAG
.TP 
.B set
Set the ports (blocked and unblocked), admin status and MAC learning mode of a LAG, to the given value(s)
.TP 
.B add
Add some blocked or unblocked port(s) to the port-list of a LAG
.TP 
.B remove
Remove some blocked or unblocked port(s) from the port-list of a LAG

.SH EXIT STATUS
If there is a syntax error in the given arguments, the exit status shall be 2.
.br
If there is any other error, the exit status shall be 1.
.br
Otherwise, the exit status is 0.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
$ opx-config-lag create --name lag1 --blockedports e101-002-0 --unblockedports e101-003-0..e101-005-0 
$ opx-config-lag set --name lag1 --enable
$ opx-config-lag delete --name lag1  
.ec
.fi
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
opx-show-lag(1)
