.TH opx-config-global-switch "1" "2018-11-20" OPX "OPX utilities"
.SH NAME
opx-config-global-switch \- Configure switch
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY opx-config-global-switch
.OP \-h
.OP \-\-help
.OP \-\-switch-mode "\fR( \fBstore-and-forward\fR | \fBcut-through\fR )"
.OP \-\-lag-hash-alg "\fR( \fBcrc\fR | \fBrandom\fR | \fBxor\fR )"
.OP \-\-lag-hash-seed seed
.OP \-\-lag-hash-fields fields
.OP \-\-ecmp-hash-alg "\fR( \fBcrc\fR | \fBrandom\fR | \fBxor\fR )"
.OP \-\-ecmp-hash-seed seed
.OP \-\-ecmp-hash-fields fields
.OP \-\-mac-age-time time
.OP \-\-default-vlan-id vid
.OP \-\-disable-default-vlan "\fR( \fBon\fR | \fBoff\fR )"
.OP \-\-default-mac-addr macaddr
.OP \-\-counter-refresh time
.OP \-\-uft-mode "\fR( \fBdefault\fR | \fBscaled-L2\fR | \fBscaled-L3-hosts\fR | \fBscaled-L3-routes\fR )"
.OP \-\-next-profile profile
.YS
.SH DESCRIPTION
This command sets various attributes of a front-panel Ethernet interface.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\-h, \-\-help
Print help text.
.TP
\-\-switch-mode ( store-and-forward | cut-through )
Set switch forwarding mode.
.TP
\-\-lag-hash-alg ( crc | random | xor )
Set LAG hash algorithm.
.TP
\-\-lag-hash-seed \fIseed\fR
Set LAG hash algorithm seed value.  Must be a decimal integer in the range ?
.TP
\-\-lag-hash-fields \fIfields\fR
Set frame fields used for LAG hash; comma-separated list of one or more of: dest-ip, dest-mac, l4-dest-port, l4-src-port, src-mac, vlan-id, ethertype, ip-protocol, in-port, src-ip.
.TP
\-\-ecmp-hash-alg ( crc | random | xor )
Set ECMP hash algorithm.
.TP
\-\-ecmp-hash-seed \fIseed\fR
Set ECMP hash algorithm seed value.  Must be a decimal integer in the range ?
.TP
\-\-ecmp-hash-fields \fIfields\fR
Set frame fields used for ECMP hash; comma-separated list of one or more of: dest-ip, dest-mac, l4-dest-port, l4-src-port, src-mac, vlan-id, ethertype, ip-protocol, in-port, src-ip.
.TP
\-\-mac-age-time \fItime\fR
Set ageing timeout for MAC addresses, in seconds.  Must be a decimal integer in the range ?.
.TP
\-\-default-vlan-id \fIvid\fR
Set VLAN id assigned to inbound frames which are not tagged.  Must be a decimal integer in the range 1..4095.
.TP
\-\-disable-default-vlan ( on | off )
???
.TP
\-\-default-mac-addr \fImacaddr\fR
Set default MAC address.  Must be a set of 6 colon-separated hex octets.
.TP
\-\-counter-refresh \fItime\fR
Set time interval for refreshing statistics counters, in seconds.  Must be a decimal integer in the range ?.
.TP
\-\-uft-mode ( default | scaled-L2 | scaled-L3-hosts | scaled-L3-routes )
Set unified forwarding table mode.
.TP
\-\-next-profile \fIprofile\fR
Switch profile used at next boot.  Must be a supported profile.
.P
Note that not all options are available on all platforms.
.SH EXIT STATUS
If an invalid port list is specified, the exit status shall be 1.
.br
If there is a syntax error in the given arguments, the exit status shall be 2.
.br
Otherwise, the exit status is 0.
.SH EXAMPLE
.nf
.eo
$ opx-config-global-switch --switch-mode store-and-forward --mac-age-time 300 --default-vlan-id 1
.ec
.fi
.SH REPORTING BUGS
To report any OPX software bugs, please refer to https://github.com/open-switch/opx-docs/wiki/Report-bugs.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2018 Dell Inc. and its subsidiaries. All Rights Reserved.
.SH SEE ALSO
opx-show-global-switch(1)
